= Pixelate

Pixelate is an {Yakuake}[http://yakuake.kde.org/] skin. I merely dislike all Yakuake skins that ever 
seen before (especially, the default one) and decided to make my own. Then I 
thought, that sharing my theme is a good way to make happy other Yakuake users.
Use it, change it, sell it. Do whatever you want.

{Screenshot1}[http://img-kiev.fotki.yandex.ru/get/5703/curacaothe.1/0_519f1_30f90e78_orig] | {Screenshot2}[http://img-kiev.fotki.yandex.ru/get/6005/curacaothe.1/0_51a64_bba12364_orig] | {Screenshot3}[http://img-kiev.fotki.yandex.ru/get/4908/curacaothe.1/0_51a63_8fe23abc_orig]

== Installation

1. {Download}[http://kde-look.org/content/download.php?content=139472&id=1&tan=29526847] theme
2. Launch Yakuake
3. Press "Open Menu" button, choose "Configure Yakuake..." option, locate to "Appearance" tab, 
   press "Install skin..." button there, navigate to the 
   downloaded archive and open it
4. Choose "Pixelate" skin and "Apply" it


== Directory structure

There are two directories and three files at top-level. The <em>pixelate</em> directory contain all PNGs. You can manually
zip them to <em>tar.gz</em> archive. When you do that, you'll have skin package. To install it, read <em>step 2</em> of installation guide.
The <em>xcf</em> directory holds GIMP files. This is where you come in as designer. <em>Xcf's</em>Directory structure is similar to <em>pixelate</em>.
After editing the <em>.xcf</em>, you have to export PNG to <em>pixelate</em> directory. Make an archive from this directory, and then install it.
Oh, and don't forget about two configuration <em>.skin</em> files.

== Cloning repository

Enter this into console:

  git clone git@github.com:curacao/pixelate.git

== Feedback

You are able to send me emails on <tt>kirill@silin.in</tt>.

